[doc] kvmfr: Update udev rule example (#1200)
gnif/LookingGlass: doc/ivshmem_kvmfr.rst

   sudo chown user:kvm /dev/kvmfr0

(replace ``user`` with your username)

As an example, you can create a new file in ``/etc/udev/rules.d/70-kvmfr.rules``
with the following contents::

>    SUBSYSTEM=="kvmfr", GROUP="kvm", MODE="0660", TAG+="uaccess"

Reviewer: This works fine on 257, I am using it right now. (As should be expected, since this has been in systemd for 13 years)

.. note::

>    Make sure the udev rule file name ordinal value is below ``73-*.rules``

Reviewer: For more accessibility to those who for example speak English as a second language, could this be re-worded a little? Possibly like this (but feel free to adjust it in a way you prefer)

```suggestion
   Make sure the udev rule file name's numerical value is less than 73,
   or in other words up to and including ``72-kvmfr.rules``,
```

Reviewer: The reason I have suggested to insist on ``xx-kvmfr.rules`` instead of ``xx-*.rules`` is even though the wildcard is more technically correct and may properly inform users that they can use whatever name they want, advanced users who already know how these rules work will understand they can do that anyway, where as novices may become confused.

Even if they misunderstand that it must be named ``xx-kvmfr.rules``, that's ok.

Author: > For more accessibility to those who for example speak English as a second language, could this be re-worded a little?

Your suggestion is technically inaccurate. I'm not comfortable in modifying text to be inaccurate just for the sake of catering to ESL users. The rule file name does not have to have a "numerical value" as you suggested. In fact, the only requirement for a rule file name is to have a `.rules` extension. The file `+kvmfr.rules`, for example, will work just fine and will properly precede the `uaccess` processing rule.

Would you be more comfortable in using "lexical order precedes" instead of "ordinal value is below"?

> The reason I have suggested to insist on xx-kvmfr.rules instead of xx-*.rules is even though the wildcard is more technically correct and may properly inform users that they can use whatever name they want, advanced users who already know how these rules work will understand they can do that anyway, where as novices may become confused. Even if they misunderstand that it must be named xx-kvmfr.rules, that's ok.

Again, I'm not comfortable stating inaccuracies, especially in technical documentation. I can similarly reason that such statements will confuse knowledgeable users and might even trigger them to question our ability to understand the underlying system. From my experience in assisting our users, most of them don't even read the "Notes" boxes. They will copy and paste the suggested file name (`70-kvmfr.rules`) above the box and move on.

Reviewer: On reflection, use of parenthesis for clarification, ensuring the precise technical explanation remains, might be enough. For example
```suggestion
   Make sure the udev rule file name ordinal value is below (sorts before) ``73-*.rules``
```
